hi guys
so this this video is an 8 week update 7
to 8 week update on the WoW African
Italian nappy hair the irons that I'm
wearing and thought this is an excellent
time to give you guys an update on how
the hairs been holding up but I liked
about how well they didn't like what the
hair and general styling tips that have
picked up a long wig right so the things
that I have done to the hair I trimmed
off about an inch and a half from the
ends that's because that answer a bit
transparent and that was really getting
on my nerves every time I feel like our
glorious wheel and then I looked there
what is this well just snip those off
and another thing I did was a Brazilian
keratin treatment purpose of that was to
cut down on my styling time because I
Germany that I have a hairy time I
stylet didn't really do much with
styling time but it did make my ends
look a lot better so quite happy about
that and then I deep condition the hair
six weeks ago and the results were
amazing I just loved it
right so how I started um
just generally every seven days I
co-wash using this coconut milk
conditioner by organics and I let the
hair dry overnight and not a fan of blow
drying the hair because I feel like it
it's best not to put too much heat on
this hair just any human hair in general
and I'm not the hair drying overnight in
the morning I wake up just run my flat
iron through it
my trusty flat iron yay right I've been
using that for about four years anyway
and I just repeat the process every six
to seven days that's been doing me quite
well
the only thing actually I got to mention
now six weeks into wearing hair I
noticed
like after three or four days of styling
it would get really frizzy and that was
I mean my aim was not to wear how really
for I wanted it to be a bit more speak
and kind of just yeah that was a look I
was going for and so I decided I thought
maybe like you know yeah
can you longer wear this hair but deep
conditioning it with this I use a carrot
cake you make to a creme conditioner put
this in for about 30-40 minutes under a
heat and hooded dryer yeah what a dryer
and and I had like that's why I hit last
week and as you can see right onto the
pearls that I'm just in here my notes
and just so I can be concise and make
sure I cover everything but has really
soft to give and I didn't have to deep
condition it but you have to deep
condition your own hair in general so
that's not a big deal so the hair it's
really soft it is tangle free like just
yeah hands running through it all day
all day and yeah it has a lot of
movement as you can see like it's just
seriously though we way too much every
minimal Chevy if you watch my first
video you've noticed I was where I
commented that cuz Chevy wasn't a scale
of like 1 to 10 it was out of 5 and that
was really irritating me but in the
second weight week miraculously it just
stop shedding so yeah it just stops
shedding right now the shedding is on a
scale of 1 to 10 is I got a - yeah I
think I get like 4 or 5 strands every
time we watch it like yeah I'm happy
about that the hair is very full this
these are two packs of hat fired on a
high heat setting and you can see just
how powerful that quite happy about that
so given that you need about two packs
of hair of three packs of hair depending
on the look that you're trying to
achieve
I think this hat is really affordable I
think I paid about 82 pounds worth you
know the two bundles of hair that to me
is a good deal any day the cons because
the hair is not perfect the coins is it
did suck at the first week it was
shedding like crazy I don't know why but
it was pathetic and I said it did stop
and the transparent ends which I had to
trim off you know you order 18 inches of
how you want 18 inches of hair not 17 no
you want Haiti right so that's it that
was yeah and it really is not the best
if you want to keep heat citing it
because you will start to damage the
ends is human hair to me
heat we'll break it down over time so my
general thoughts on the hair do not
overload this hair with product I think
I wouldn't put a leave-in conditioner in
it the only thing I did was put a serum
through the hair as a heat protectant
and to just enhance the shine of the
hair if it starts to get dry on you just
get a deep deep conditioner and give it
some good tender loving care and it
should be really good lease mine that's
what happened for me and I think the
hair could last longer if well I think
I'm I could probably wear this hair for
three or four months I think before it
started to irritate me probably could
last longer if you don't heat style your
hair as often as I do which is like
every single week and yeah again I'm not
sure how well the hair does with flexi
rods it does look nice when you put it
in but five to six hours later my hair
completely dropped and that was because
of the rain and if you live in the UK
and do much private reading all the
times boom yeah right yeah and if you've
got any other questions please feel free
to comment down below I will definitely
answer and if you've got any
recommendations for like kinky and hair
at course yaki textures like yaki
textures that you tried and that don't
shed a lot because that's like my pet
peeve I really hate hair that sheds a
lot please comment down below and let me
know especially if there's any UK
companies that you know that have fast
shipping good customer service you know
all the good things that we all like
yeah please comment down below PES yeah
I'm looking for my next move well after
this I'm probably gonna wear this for
two or three more weeks or maybe one
more month we'll see and then just maybe
get something else in yeah so if this
video was helpful to you all please
thumbs up please subscribe and thank you
so much for watching